api: close response body on non-200 from ContainerLogs (#508)
hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman: CHANGELOG.md

BUG FIXES:
* driver: Fixed static IP configuration (`static_ips`, `ipv4_address`, `ipv6_address`, `static_mac`) being silently ignored, corrected related per-network map handling and `driverNet.IP` resolution for service discovery. [[GH-507](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman/pull/507)]

> * api: Fixed file descriptor leak in `ContainerLogs` caused by the response body not being closed on non-200 responses. [[GH-508](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman/pull/508)]

Reviewer: Changelog entries should be the user-facing change, not the internals (and, nitpicky, in alphabetical order 😁 ):

```suggestion
* api: Fixed file descriptor leak when getting logs from the task [[GH-508](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman/pull/508)]
* driver: Fixed static IP configuration (`static_ips`, `ipv4_address`, `ipv6_address`, `static_mac`) being silently ignored, corrected related per-network map handling and `driverNet.IP` resolution for service discovery. [[GH-507](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-driver-podman/pull/507)]
```

Author: Changed as requested 👍
